# Terms of Service

PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE USERACCOUNT-MS
SERVICE (the "SERVICE"). BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE
BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.

USERACCOUNT-MS MAY MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME, AND SUCH MODIFICATIONS
SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING OF THE MODIFIED AGREEMENT ON THE
SERVICE. YOU AGREE TO REVIEW THE AGREEMENT PERIODICALLY TO BE AWARE OF SUCH
MODIFICATIONS AND YOUR CONTINUED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICE SHALL BE DEEMED
YOUR CONCLUSIVE ACCEPTANCE OF THE MODIFIED AGREEMENT.

## I. Introduction

The USERACCOUNT-MS web service is a free RESTful microservice web service
developed and provided by:

Rubens Gomes
Euless, Texas, USA

## II. Service Description

USERACCOUNT-MS allows you to add and maintain your user account information,
such as username, email, and password on our server. The access to your
useraccount can be done from a desktop computer or mobile smartphone device
using the HTTP protocol. In both cases, it is required to have a working
Internet connection, and an Internet browser like Internet Explorer, Firefox or
mobile browser.

## III. Use of the SERVICE

YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND THE
INTERNET. USERACCOUNT-MS, PROVIDES THE SERVICE AND RELATED INFORMATION "AS IS"
AND DOES NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR
ENDORSEMENTS WHATSOEVER. WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICE, USERACCOUNT-MS SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY COST OR DAMAGE ARISING EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM THE USE
OF THE SERVICE. IT IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE THE ACCURACY,
COMPLETENESS AND USEFULNESS OF ALL OPINIONS, ADVICE, SERVICES AND OTHER
INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE AND THE INTERNET IN GENERAL.
USERACCOUNT-MS, DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.

## IV. Privacy Policy

The information you enter at our SERVICE, such as username, email, and password,
are stored in a database in the USERACCOUNT-MS server. Most key information,
such as passwords are stored in illegible format; so that, only you the owner is
able to read that information. Also, your information is not shared with other
companies or third-parties. Furthermore, we do not send email to your contact's
email addresses stored at our database.

We have taken several measurements to ensure the privacy and protection of your
data. For further information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.

## V. Court

Any questions of disputes that may arise from this Agreement must be submitted
to the jurisdiction of the courts located in Cabo Frio, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

## VI. Additional Information

In the event that USERACCOUNT-MS is transfered to another company, this
acquisition shall be done independently of any notification, except if the user
has paid to use the SERVICE. In this case the user, any credit for such payments
made shall be negotiated with the acquiring company. The acquiring company will
be responsible for such credits. Also, in this case, the user will be notified.

Last updated: July 13, 2025
